updates to the pre-route plugin docs (#874)
hasura/ddn-docs: docs/plugins/overview.mdx

before the response is sent to the client**. These plugins allow you to execute logic based on the response such as
calling third-party services before the client receives the response.

### Pre-Route plugins

> Pre-route plugins are executed at the very beginning of the request handling (for other than pre-defined endpoints).
> This allows you to add custom HTTP handlers to your API. You can use these plugins to add RESTified GraphQL endpoints or
> internal tools like GraphQL schema visualizers, Swagger UI for JSON API, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-route plugins are executed at the very beginning of request handling, **before predefined endpoints are processed**. They allow you to insert custom HTTP handlers into your API, enabling features like REST-style GraphQL endpoints, internal tools, or documentation interfaces such as a GraphQL schema visualizer or Swagger UI for a JSON API.
```
